hello and welcome back to forever
stranded hello Sidon has graced us with
his presence bat shit race oh I've
missed you dudes so bad that was the way
I was at the twitch cons there's cons
and the other cons did you have a nice
time at a great time as we needed plus
time where I was like an a-star time
would stop would do would buy again
yeah hope took on again which I would I
would definitely con again isn't a star
better than an A+ isn't a plus a thing
they're both the same thing
why is it star didn't get B star good I
don't know I think the Orbeez get a B+
in like stars right it's just like you
know d c b a a star mm-hmm why is that
you think well they just boys they
bother have a new style and they just
shift everything down one obviously this
is why I'm here to bring the interesting
conversations
yeah I'll say obviously they is the
continuing improvement of people right
you have to distinguish the people at
the top they could this particular of a
name you know anyone else and then days
could be B's and there's you know these
crazies I think they should keep going
higher and higher
in Japan they do you can get an s SS
Triple S yeah Japanese all the time when
I playing Street Fighter I get like s is
just yeah yeah well you don't reach oka
bows you get like a rank and after that
is like s right and then like SS rank
and like super SS Trixie you're super SS
that would they were they were hitless
elite troopers in super SS I can't help
but think he and then SSX tricky what
I've got a game what are you guys been
up to doing last recently what have you
been guys have been doing I all all
stranded I I was always on this server a
little bit and I built these things I
had these these crushes before I made
them into double crushes double wesley
and they now I've got some auto
hammering stuff going on but there's no
way near enough power so I need to build
a big reactor yes
and a huge rear compel this shit and
also I'm using these crappy crappy to
flux ducts which are just garbage tastic
so I need to get I need to get a way to
get all of my dusts out a bit better
because I haven't figured out that but
that's why it's gonna use the computer
for maybe I need to get these
competitors so I've got these auto
compressors I think maybe what I can do
is if I rigged up these Auto compressors
above these chests I will be able to
also compress stuff and then put it
through some sort of refinery there are
in derived cables on there but yeah we
don't have them come we need ender
pearls for them oh my god ender IOT's
there's like this delicious this is
delicious breakfast area look ender io s
part of a balanced breakfast delicious
not actually healthy 39% sugar contains
253 grams of sugar yeah 53 grams of fat
and 394 guys of ender dust Wow side
effects of ender dust include nausea
dizziness confusion and random
teleportation that's pretty bad so I
don't eat those penny and Oreos how do
they make it actually so we just milk we
a bowl an ender pearl powder
yeah minimal powder yeah what hang on
how much you get no do I need it for end
ryos so I make him oh I see oh we were
talking about making ender pearls last
time weren't me sorry I got you
unfortunately excited yes sorry
so you bailed this thing which spawns
Enderman right no he doesn't because the
Tier three one does and how to upgrade
it what is this thing this is tier 1
right no because there's other things
like I could just pull out something
skeletons for now until until we can
upgrade it does that just generate bones
then yeah is it like a bone generator
other things
arrows maybe or I could do zombies or do
any rank Tier one scrub mob does it have
mob drops yes city power yes oh right a
lot Oh Jeff cost us shit ok this ydj old
big reactor
yeah what you up to Shin I'm opening up
some chests I got oh yeah our chests
some chests you having quests I don't
know I just got loads of stuff in one
there like steel leggings steel axe I
got loads of stuff mmm the black rune a
capacitor of the southern winds dates
someone gave me a date
thought you could use one weapon stick
no I'd be able to date with you shin Oh
still why did you sound so disappointed
no it's like because I mean I was hoping
for Duncan
oh is the price mate always surprised
mate besides you guys have done you guys
done loads of stuff and it looks like
Louis you are absolutely right but a
roof is the best Thank You shin and
Duncan Dagon
you're the worst sees what no put a roof
on it don't put a roof on it don't
wonder if you love it you got put a
fruitful to be free if you love it let
it be free no it's just gonna get sand
in it that's fine Oh God
never hurt anyone just sand it oh shit
also we need sin because it gives us a
bread stone you think we gotta wear that
ass and anytime soon thanking what I do
I to clean up this stuff like real
quickly like mahalia coz it guidance to
me yeah and I stick it in this thing I
made and it makes redstone what have you
made a loose finger mode you're going a
greenhouse of it yeah yeah if you want
food we can make food now there's lots
of things growing vaguely
why have you boxed up the food there why
sitting in a house because I've lion
stuff and it died so I thought maybe it
got cold but it didn't yeah and also we
put some special green husk around
greenhouse got cold see put a heat
through it here Klaus on the roof and so
the green house green house glass helps
the good plant grow fast Oh does it
yes act like super lights like super Sun
yeah it's cool crap where's my war ball
in your butt do we still have a cooling
chamber down by the wheel it's still
perfectly good we've still got this
system that we put down here God it's
it's amazing how retarded i am when it
comes to thirst right like i just
suddenly start literally dying like I
have no control over my thirst I might
say in real life imagine that happened
right and you were just sit there and
wonder
like oh I'm thirsty I'm literally dying
now I need to trick water in ten seconds
or I'm dead you mean there's no what
happens when you had xst ecstasy yeah oh
why maybe I'm on ecstasy oh he's mine
how do you what Duncan also what yeah
I'm with Shane what so you just you just
die you don't get thirsty oh and then
bad like MDMA and speed like people
dancing all night long yeah you make
sure you drink otherwise you dehydrate I
mean I like to party
I liked pie I know I like to party
everyone likes to party yeah like a true
Venga boy and therefore you know it's
it's you've got to be careful if you're
partying all the time that's saying I
know likes to party all the time hydrate
you it's just I don't get thirsty anyway
why not I don't know I just never get
thirsty I have to remind myself to drink
water clean it forget feel fair well
that's a good thing Shin you should you
keep yourself well hydrated and
therefore your body doesn't sometimes
though she isn't that you have like I
don't know you go somewhere and you need
to drink right and you're like like off
you're a lot of cycle ride and you're
like really thirsty and you go and you
drink water and it tastes like the
nectar of the gods
yeah it's cold like a pint of water but
if it's Pepsi it's still it's still good
but it's also tasty as well
mmm-hmm right well Wow what but this
episode is brought to you by beer beer
is good today oh man when you gonna like
ride a bin on the way back you you hit
the pub and have a point my favorite
brand of beer is beer
yeah beer by beer beer my beer it's like
a sexy advert yeah like a sexy advert
sexy beer sexy advert for adverts
adverts sponsored by B mmm what's that
in your hand oh it's a beer oh well can
I try one
tastes amazing it tastes all brown it's
like warm red it's liquid bread that's
what they call beer you know I could
bread where do they call it that when
you're doing a diet yeah when you do a
diet yeah why also if you don't give
your plants
it's bad for you diet is super bad beer
and bread both both the devil is worse
than bill it's the devil's wheat livid
coffee was tragically enlightened
treasure mechanic filled me instantly
that was really strange I think I've had
my shelf I'm lost I what are we doing
you can't kill this blitz no no hello
shit I've got a bird today a second let
me run to the cooling core can you bring
can you get cooling room into the
factory yeah we put them all like in the
middle we need a cooling cool in my
building that suddenly con then shits in
demand but you knew what you signed up
for you can kill this blitz don't have
anything oh whatever god I don't never
think I've got one life I'm starving to
death of burning today hold on what's
this I want the most kills death or not
I've been away for eight days just lost
two and you did one quest my NRF you
haven't done anything else no I did the
computer you did oh I think you might
have left the group cause Duncan update
the pack
no I'll join me me yeah yeah a new group
oh shit we could have to do the quests
again cuz I sort of had to do some
quests repeat some tonight don't
remember no I don't know you don't get
much from it well I guess you two get to
the next point
no shit whoa shit what I can't just
absorb your best knowledge Oh No someone
killed his blitz no I can't kill it
Duncan and chin Connie that we're both
hopeless at combat you're the combat you
know he's got all my shit who's got your
shit in the blaze slits I saw what you
should die a few more times
chichi blaze where is he this mission
okay shit how you gonna fight him I'm
not I'm just gonna look at him muscle
see where he is
there we go I saw him off Duncan well
that should be well god it's great to be
back yeah you know I'm just getting
problem soulful ready like they're
coming in solving problems as if right
said you're like yep I'm sharing the
fucking problem solver bridge boss
minecraft over here be baller shot
caller boss nass what no shut up on your
boss nass boss nass is the fat Gungan
from the fence and menace that goes as
yes sir good data miner craft oh ha ha
no boo NZ students yes Oh classic
classic boss nass there but my OTP is
boss Ness and Padme
yeah you won't repair I've been on the
internet before in your minds Padme
Natalie Portman Oh boss nass I do think
about it well he lives under the sea
Austin ass he does and she doesn't he
comes up from the sea every now and
again to see his girlfriend on the land
the Queen and this is not Queen anymore
is she um was she senator she felt she
did it she did her turn she's like 4
years do you think we anymore
Queens don't have terms today hmm she
should have been executed really but
anyway Queen can you what's the word for
getting rid of a monic that isn't
killing it abdication a dick decapitate
electrocution hanging whatsit divorce
divorce died beheaded beheaded died
survived impeached impeached that works
onyx as well no it doesn't assassinate
it replaced removed Reba no okay okay I
guess is the word for thank you no
that's when somebody that's when
somebody is like you know it doesn't
themselves abdicate themselves you know
yeah
abdicate you have to get your own head
off well yeah Pat me was just you know
sanneh firm just abdicated abdicate
herself to bits
she was abdicate herself all over the
place yeah yeah obsesses yes crazy
disgusting boss this was there at the
core go
why are we so what has happened twice
it's not the Phantom Menace is it sure
isn't you got the end the sword shit
that's pretty handy because we need to
kill some and Enda sword it does it's
just got empowered three and it also
does more damage to Enderman oh no anvil
upgrades empowered for a tannic
capacitor plus 12:1 increased skull and
ender pearl drops Enderman can't
teleport once it's yeah extra damage and
speed when powered can I have it please
have what I'm preparing the sword and
the sword have the end the sword yes and
you know you the true Berbera bore of
the Bureau setting Tabora
you the better sword a pickaxe you as a
trade on the table - oh i'll thrust it
into this stone duncan if you can pull
it out then you can take it alright
he's gonna thrust into the stone it's
well and it's here me yeah well I
fuck off have it I just I don't care I
can't put it to the stone Duncan it's
the game isn't isn't that realistic so I
have to power it anyway
oh yeah I need to give you a RF do you
have any way of charging items Lewis you
got some crazy stuff over here I don't
have shit now this is a ritual table
Shin it is in power uh it needs these
for displays that it's a ridiculous
machine what does it do it empowers
blocks and turns you have to put them on
it like this
oh not like that no like it oh thank you
mmm I've come
to do it shit maybe only certain box can
be empowered by cookie something like
that yeah Howard cookie pretty sure you
can just like put stuff online yeah you
can normally put stuff on oh no you push
the friend the edge as well Howard
cookie cookie what kind of ritual are
you doing here I don't know cinnamon
crunch put these directly into my mouth
go ahead I can't get the can't get the
cookie back Oh cookie down cookie no how
do I get it back what the hell
you heard me I got it I got it just
empty hand I think okay got it back put
it T why I think if I can help because I
tell you what you've got where now just
pick a question do it and then well
answer any questions you have shin tell
you what you could do you could start
looking at trying to make the big react
tour okay yeah I've got that question
that what we need quite a few things so
I think you would need to find some cold
cook it up make it into graphite and
like rabbits to which tree is that in
sorry
I don't know the plum tree a partridge
in a plum tree on the 17th day of
Christmas she came back to us me and he
said finishing herself off she well
Anakin got started but you know not too
much sand for Anakin too much sand this
vagina hates that it's too much you're
full of it the
the prequels man undepreciated classics
[Music]
like I've read it's kind of making them
into a cult cult following yeah I know
very amusing and and ironic okay
let's oh yes I'm good see if I couldn't
rig up some auto compressor I need some
servos but I think if I just like
dethroned
so dethrone ah yes yes Shin do you throw
in my sights
that's why I've been quiet for the past
five minutes just thinking he's thrown
didn't yes yes maybe I don't even need
to have these chests here maybe I could
just have this go directly into this I
don't think else go anything doesn't get
put into the compressor automatically
did you mean to grow these mushrooms yes
it's a mushroom farm this is your
mushroom farm yes right here yes no it's
kind of accidental wait no that one no
that's not a mushroom farm okay
there's a those are mycelia mushrooms
it's gonna say there's no actually
machines for growing it's just a random
mushrooms and the floor the floor anyway
yeah thanks so much let's dump all of my
venturi I've gotta say this I gotta I
gotta say I am when I put up my quest
book I'm miles behind order you guys I
can't do any of these quests okay how
does six they're pretty bad well if I do
I we log because I'm in the party now
but I'm not no it's
oh well that's one quit I think it's
been fun I mean we can mainly go
dethrone myself in the corner
[Music]